2001 - Aug. - 23

*** These files are only intended for use for Baldur's Gate II with the
Throne Of Bhaal expansion installed. They should not cause any conflicts or
problems without it, but this cannot be guaranteed.

The files AR5002.ARE, AR5002.BCS, BASILISK.SPL, BERENA.ITM, ELER.ITM,
GPARCHER.BCS, GPHEALER.BCS, GPMAGE1.BCS, GPMERC.BCS, GPTHIEF.BCS,
GPWSLAY.BCS, GROMG03,05,08,09,10.CRE, GROMMIN.CRE, GROMNIR.BCS,
GROMNIR.CRE, GROMNIR.DLG, GROMNIR.ITM, JUMJUM.BCS, JUMJUM.CRE, JUMJUM.ITM,
RAMAZ.BCS, RAMAZ.CRE, RAMAZ.ITM, SPSEQ16A.BCS and SPSEQ16B.BCS contained in
this archive are newly created and modified versions of Baldur's Gate II:
Throne Of Bhaal area control scripts, an area definition file, AI scripts,
creature definition files, creature "item" files and spell definition files
relating to the battle with Gromnir Il=Khan.

They have been provided by BioWare Senior Designer David Gaider as a
supplement to the Throne Of Bhaal expansion. They increase the difficulty
of the Gromnir Il-Khan battle, as was requested by players.

In David Gaider's words: "It's just a little spruce-up to a fight that I
thought was a little boring...it makes Gromnir a bit more formidable and
gives both him and the other Bhaalspawn with him some extra abilities and
better scripting.  I'm told it's of moderate difficulty but quite fun."

This update changes the file GROMNIR.BCS slightly to prevent him from
occasionally fleeing the battle if he was taking a beating and his allies
were dead, and fixes a corruption in this file from a first-fix where he
would not do anything at all.

To use:

Simply unzip all files contained in this archive other than this ReadMe
into the Override folder inside your Baldur's Gate II folder, and
quit/restart Baldur's Gate II: Throne Of Bhaal (if it's already running.)

Note: The files GPARCHER.BCS, GPHEALER.BCS, GPMAGE1.BCS, GPMERC.BCS and
GPTHIEF.BCS will already be present in your Baldur's Gate II Override
folder if you have installed David Gaider's Improved Yaga-Shura battle
already. The GPTHIEF.BCS and GPMAGE1.BCS are updated; they should be
overwritten with the copies contained in this archive. The remainder are
the same and can be overwritten or skipped at your discretion. The
GPARCHER.BCS will be present in your Override folder from a default
installation of Throne Of Bhaal. If you wish to be able to restore this
battle to its previous state, be sure to move or rename GPARCHER.BCS so
that they can be restored. Deletion of the files listed at the start from
your Baldur's Gate II Override folder and restoration of the original
GPARCHER.BCS will uninstall this supplement.

-------------------------- David Gaider's Disclaimer: While provided by a
Bioware employee, these files are not to be taken as part of the official
release of Throne of Bhaal and should be considered equivalent to a
third-party game addition or modification.  BioWare does not guarantee that
these files will work with your copy of the game.  They are being provided
solely due to requests for game enhancements, such as to experience certain
game elements before they were removed or changed for game-balance or other
reasons.  -------------------------

Kevin Dorner mrkevvy@home.com aka Kivan Do'Urner, solo CG E F/M/T aaka
Elmonster, solo LN H M

This file was obtained from my webpage at http://members.home.com/mrkevvy
